Oh brother, why is it a house? The
reason is that the circumstances are not
normal, so I live alone. Regarding housing, I go
to the village, and for
food, I rely on the villagers for support. It's not that it's
abnormal,
but I can't do everything myself.
Oh, today the group came to visit, and my sister sent money
to the workshop to buy back the house. I feel
sorry for this, I'll let you describe it.
Your women help out, yes, yes. Ah,
the wish is for everyone to love
each other, share with each other, and in summary,
study Buddhist teachings. Hello everyone, have
fun working, where there is Buddhist teachings, be happy. Ah, A and
Z are Định. There's a saying about abandoning because the child is
Yến from Ba Vàng temple, but why is the crab in the
green with the green space? That's the old man in Hoài.
Wishing the family a happy and healthy New Year.
Mom, stay in
here. My great saint
has achieved victory and is the one who makes a
double burden, the nation will be thirty
years bad, the gift of K13, the young poem,
just happy. Ho Chi Minh is coming.
[Music]
[Applause]
Uh uh